chore(traffic-split): remove the default match rule of the traffic-split plugin (#4019)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/traffic-split.md

|               Name             |       Type    | Requirement | Default | Valid   | Description                                                                              |
| ------------------------------ | ------------- | ----------- | ------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | rules.match                    | array[object] | optional    |         |  | List of matching rules. When `match` is configured, check whether `match` is passed according to the configuration information, otherwise, `match` is passed by default. |

Reviewer: The description is not so effective.

```suggestion
| rules.match                    | array[object] | optional    |         |  | List of matching rules, by default the list is empty and the rule will be executed unconditionally. |
```

Author: Updated.
